# Where To Find The App`r`n`r`nIf you are new to Visual Studio or GitHub, this is the quickest way to find the runnable Prompt Forge app.`r`n`r`n## After Building in Visual Studio`r`n`r`nOnce the solution builds successfully, the executable is normally created here:`r`n`r`n`PromptForge.App\\bin\\Debug\\net8.0-windows\\PromptForge.App.exe``r`n`r`nOn this project, that full path will usually be:`r`n`r`n`C:\Users\windy\OneDrive\Desktop\Prompt Forge\PromptForge.App\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\PromptForge.App.exe``r`n`r`n## How To Build It`r`n`r`n1. Open `PromptForge.sln` in Visual Studio 2022.`r`n2. Wait for the solution to finish loading.`r`n3. In the top toolbar, make sure the startup project is `PromptForge.App`.`r`n4. Press `Ctrl+F5` or click the green Run button.`r`n5. Visual Studio will build the app and create the executable in the folder above.`r`n`r`n## If You Cannot Find The EXE`r`n`r`nCheck these folders in order:`r`n`r`n1. `PromptForge.App\\bin\\Debug\\net8.0-windows\\``r`n2. `PromptForge.App\\bin\\Release\\net8.0-windows\\` if someone built a Release version instead`r`n`r`n## If You Just Want To Share The App With Someone`r`n`r`nThe easiest beginner-friendly option is usually to share the built output folder or zip it and send it through Google Drive.`r`n`r`nThe important file inside that folder is:`r`n`r`n`PromptForge.App.exe``r`n`r`n## GitHub Note`r`n`r`nGitHub mainly stores the source code. New users often expect the app executable to be sitting at the top of the repository, but for a Visual Studio desktop app it is created after a build and placed in the `bin` folder.
